---
date_gmt: '2010-09-24 18:32:42'
parent: 0
author: 'Jada WildCat'
post_id: 260
gravatar: 'dbe821658ddbca0f3c010331167e2283'
id: 1059
---

Honestly if people dont know, Ph0x, and Fractured are still in Second Life today with alternate accounts, Quite a few of my friends were false positives when using Emerald before it was locked from the grid. I was IP logged, and banned on my alts, and any new account I make by CDS as well. It's not really up to skills hak what Client I wish to use, its my choice, and up to Linden Lab what they want to do about it. I still use today what would be considered a very malicious viewer, aka Copybot inside of it as well with many other useful features, sim crashers, anti grief functions &amp; such. No I dont use it to violate the TOS, and I have been using since 2009 to help track ripped content, and such. LL has not banned, warned, or suspend me once for such.

Skills Hak is abusive, refuse to provide customer service, Logs Personal info in violation of the LAW, &amp; California Privacy Act, all residents collecting any type of IP Info, or using any type of web access scripts which can log info should be given a blue box to accept, or decline when using such within SL, and Skills Hak needs to be banned from this grid for disturbing the peace and many more, but LL wont do it because he is ass kissing just like I have done, but he is doing more harm, and more damage than I have ever done even when I was once a griefer, no I did not rip peoples content, I crashed regions got banned many times on TG.

Copybotting is not against the LAW here is why. In a U.S Court of LAW its innocent until proven guilty. Given the fact that all copybots use origional UUID from creators uploads, and anyone can stick anyones name on anything, there is no proof, so therefore you can't really sue. The most if Linden Lab banning an account anything more in a court of LAW a person could easily get away with it, While I believe it is wrong to steal, until LL does something about Skills &amp; ways to close off all the exploiting this will continue, and just make SL even more un popular.

Also I have multiple Proxy accounts &amp; Addresses/A viewer that can spoof, and block out Skills Hak's CDS scans now, most the content thieves use these, and now that I have it I can easily go into any store, rip anyones content I want to, walk away give your .XML files off torrents, or anything I please. Besides what does CDS protect you from anyways? It protects your stores, so what, A friend goes and buys the product for me, comes to a sandbox and I copy it off them, or people going to clubs and copybotting other peoplse avatars, sandboxes, or welcome area's/places CDS is not. CDS does not protect but is a simple datamine system for personal abuse by Skills Hak, Skills Coy, Skills Phox &amp; Fractured Crystal/Jcool. Also I have seen entire Sims Copybotted, and stuck on the torrent sites for download, including GOL Element Club within SL, and its pretty nice too. I Never been to GOL, but I downloaded the .XML file and used that simply to verify it were real by opening Image asset ID, and it was for real, never uploaded back into SL.