---
date_gmt: '2010-05-14 06:41:51'
parent: 0
author: 'mary'
post_id: 260
gravatar: '9b25a9ed4066cbb3f369efd8042f6624'
id: 600
---

I see there is variation in reports about alts getting banned by CDS.

Here is a possible explanation about why most testers have found their alts did not get banned (only the one offending avatar name who actually used a CDS-banned viewer was banned from CDS network sims) - but one or more people did have their alts banned too.

<a href="http://modularsystems.sl/index.php?option=com_agora&task=topic&id=3133&Itemid=2" rel="nofollow">The current Emerald viewer sends the users IP and full av name to modularsystems website every time you login</a>. That is against the TPV viewer rules, which state the viewer program is only allowed to send your name and/or password to LL servers (as it's needed for login). It also sends the users IP number. This has been discussed on Emerald forums, <s>but the devs have refused to change it</s> <b>[admin: it has been removed from the alpha]</b>. Most Emerald users are unaware the program is sending this information to the Emerald people when they login.

Anybody with access to the Emerald team's website log files could easily write a program to match alts, as they would all use the same IP number. (There would be a few wrong matches, in cases where several humans each with their own SL av live in the same house with a shared internet connection)

The Emerald devs claim they do not use this information, but their current viewer program continues to collect it.

It's possible they also have other ways of collecting information for a growing database of matched alts - for example their growing army of Onyx bots. The same people work for Onyx, CDS and Emerald, so one could expect them to share that kind of information.

That database of alts (if it exists) must be incomplete of course, so one would expect that most testers who use a banned viewer would not have their alts banned, but a few would.

I'd be interested to ask if anyone whose alt was also banned from the CDS network has ever used Emerald.

<b>[Edited by admin]</b>